 (how to write and classify our research)

Research helps us understand what makes people think, feel, and act in certain ways. 
     What influences psychological research?
Social and cultural factors influence every part of research. Because they are part of how the researcher sees the world, and how the subjects in the study react to things, social and cultural factors inevitably play a role in how research is done. Often, this isn't a bad thing, but sometimes it can lead to biases.
Surveys are one of the most popular ways to find out what people think and one of the most common research methods in psychology. 

1)According to the level of depth in the object of study: 
Explanatory = It's one of the most common types of research and is focused on science. It's the type of investigation that is used to try to determine the causes and consequences of a specific
phenomenon. It seeks not only what but also things and how they came to the state in question.

2)Depending on the type of data used
Qualitative = Qualitative research is understood to be one that is based on obtaining in principle non-quantifiable data, based on observation. Although it provides a lot of information, the 
data obtained are subjective and uncontrollable and do not allow a clear explanation of the phenomena. Focuses on descriptive aspects.

3)Type of research according to its objective:
Applied research = It is a type of research focused on finding mechanisms or strategies to achieve a specific goal, such as achieving a goal.
Therefore, the type of field to which it applies is very specific and well defined, as it is not about explaining a wide variety of situations, but rather an attempt to address a specific problem.

4)By the degree of manipulation of the variables
It's not experimental = This type of research is fundamentally based on observation. In it, the various variables that are part of a particular situation or event are not controlled.

5)By the type of inference
Another type of classification can be extracted from the method used to deduce how reality works.
Inductive method = The investigation carried out according to the inductive method is based on the conclusion of the facts. Observation and analysis allow to draw more or less true conclusions, but do not 
allow generalizations or predictions.

6)Depending on the time period in which it is performed
Transverse = These types of research focus on comparing certain characteristics or situations to different subjects at a specific time, with all subjects sharing the same temporality.


 


